Lin Feng
The sun is about to set
Do you feel the warmth?
Mount Rocky
Although it is already dusk
But it will still rise
A new day will come
Dusk doesn't mean the end
It was the beginning of hope.
Lin Feng
You're going to be okay.
He's gone now.
No.
He won't leave us so soon.
He's just asleep.
Icho is right
He has not yet seen their child born
How could it go
He's just asleep.
Let's wait
Will he wake up soon?
Don't forget.
I've been accurate enough
Please wake up.
Lei Feng
You wake up
Wait, it's getting dark
lightning cannon
Wake up.
I beg you to wake up
Your child really misses me
You haven't met our son yet?
Mom
Ah!
You really are like this
It seems that we should go alone.
Neither can
You can't just leave without a word
You can't ah ah ah ah
Uh-huh.
Mr. Li
Hey, then he should have a premonition that he was in danger of a stalemate
That's why he came to this Divine Peak Gate
He didn't want to die alone in his home.
Then the house will be affected
Just before he died
All thinking about him
Earth
Need
I know you two are sad
But
But private is already
We didn't consider the good things of the madman